c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\DITask.exe.config
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\DITask.exe
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\DITask.pdb
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.g.resources
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.exe
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\DITask.pdb
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\TaskVews\TaskView3.g.cs
c:\users\yushc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\TaskVews\TaskView3.baml
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\TaskVews\Task5.g.cs
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\TaskVews\Task5.baml
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\Style\MyStyle.baml
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.dll
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.pdb
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.xml
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\YuShc\OneDrive\Документы\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DITask\DITask\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.xml
